prep release: v1.48.1 (#5350)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning v2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

# [1.48.1] - 2024-06-05

> ## 🚀 Features
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## 📃 Configuration

### Rename the telemetry selector to get studio operation id ([PR #5337](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5337))

> We introduced a new `trace_id` selector format in `1.48.0` which has been misnamed because it's not a trace id but the Apollo Studio Operation ID. If you want to access to this selector, here is an example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We introduced a new `trace_id` selector format in `1.48.0` which was misnamed. It's not a trace id, it's the Apollo Studio Operation ID. We've fixed this naming problem in this release.

If you want to access this selector, here is an example:
```
